Minor improvements to D1 docs (#8193)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/get-started.md

This guide will instruct you through setting up and deploying your first database with D1. This guide assumes you already have a Cloudflare account.

> This guide will walk you through setting up D1 using the Wrangler CLI to best set you up for continuous deployment. However, you may also get started with D1 in the UI by navigating to the **Cloudflare Dashboard > Select "Workers" in the Sidebar > Select D1**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide uses Wrangler, the Workers CLI, to deploy your D1 database. To get started with D1 in the Cloudflare dashboard, log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com) and select your account > **Workers** > **D1**.
```

If you have any feature requests or notice any bugs, share your feedback directly with the Cloudflare team by joining the [Cloudflare Developers community on Discord](https://discord.gg/cloudflaredev).

> - [Use D1 to build a comments API](d1/tutorials/build-a-comments-api/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Use D1 to build a comments API](/d1/tutorials/build-a-comments-api/)
```
